en: add doc about volume snapshot backup/restore across multiple kubernetes (#2406)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/volume-snapshot-backup-restore.md

summary: Learn the architecture of backup and restore based on EBS volume snapshots in TiDB.
---

> > **Warning**
> > 
> > This documentation is deprecated, please see [BR Federation](volume-snapshot-backup-restore-across-multiple-kubernetes.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
> 
> This document is deprecated. Refer to [BR Federation](volume-snapshot-backup-restore-across-multiple-kubernetes.md).
```
